Adding concepts page to the docs (#64)
kubernetes-sigs/jobset: docs/concepts/README.md

# Concepts

A JobSet creates one or more Jobs. It allows you to create sets of jobs of different or identical templates, and control their lifecycle together. 

## Running an Example JobSet

Here is an example JobSet. It runs a distributed PyTorch training workload.

```yaml
apiVersion: jobset.x-k8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: JobSet
metadata:
  name: pytorch
spec:

>   replicatedJobs:

Reviewer: This is still `jobs` in the JobSetSpec API definition, we need to change it to `replicatedJobs`

Reviewer: I was referring to the json/yaml representation, it still says `json:"jobs"`, it needs to change to `json:"replicatedJobs"` for this example to work.

Author: that is a bug we should fix :)

sending a PR in a sec

    - name: workers
      template:
        spec:
          parallelism: 4
          completions: 4
          backoffLimit: 0
          template:
           spec:

>             containers:
>             restartPolicy: Never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            restartPolicy: Never
            containers:
```

Author: removed it completely since we now default this

            - name: pytorch

>               image: gcr.io/danielvm-gke-dev2/pytorch-resnet:latest

Reviewer: I can probably push this image the jobset GCR repo (k8s-staging-jobset or prod one) then we can update the example to use this public image instead.

Author: btw, any chance we make reduce the size to ensure it runs fast somehow?

Author: updated the image path

Reviewer: sounds good, once the next PR merges and we get the new build in staging I'll confirm the pytorch example works out the box

              ports:
              - containerPort: 3389
              env:

>               - name: MASTER_ADDRESS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              - name: MASTER_ADDR
```
name of env var consumed by pytorch is `MASTER_ADDR`
https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/elastic/run.html#environment-variables

Author: done.

>                 value: "pytorch-workers-0.pytorch-workers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                value: "pytorch-workers-0-0.pytorch-workers"
```

```

By default, JobSet creates Jobs in [`completionMode="Indexed"`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode). 
To list all the jobs that belong to a JobSet, you can use a command like this:

```shell
kubectl get jobs --selector=jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name=pytorch
```

The output is similar to 

```
NAME                COMPLETIONS   DURATION   AGE
pytorch-workers-0   0/4           6m12s      6m12s
```

To list all the pods that belong to a JobSet, you can use a command like this:

```shell
kubectl get pods --selector=jobset.sigs.k8s.io/jobset-name=pytorch
```

The output is similar to 

```
NAME                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pytorch-workers-0-0-tcngx   1/1     Running   0          13m
pytorch-workers-0-1-sbhxs   1/1     Running   0          13m
pytorch-workers-0-2-5m6d6   1/1     Running   0          13m
pytorch-workers-0-3-mn8c8   1/1     Running   0          13m
```

## ReplicatedJob

The list `.spec.replicatedJobs` allows to define groups of Jobs of different templates.

Each entry of `.spec.replicatedJobs` defines a Job template in `spec.replicatedJobs[*].template`, 

> and `spec.replicatedJobs[*].replicas` which is the number replicas that should be created. When 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the number replicas that should be created in `spec.replicatedJobs[*].replicas`. When 
```

unset, it is defaulted to 1.

Each Job in each `spec.replicatedJobs` gets a different job-index in the range 0 to `.spec.replicatedJob[*].replicas-1`. 

> The Job name will have the following format: `.metadata.name-.spec.replicatedJobs[*].name-$(job-index)`. 

Reviewer: Optional: I personally find the syntax `<jobSetName>-<replicatedJobName>-<jobIndex>` more clear since it is closer to plain English, but if k8s users prefer more technical/specific documentation then the current syntax makes more sense.
